1. What code point does it encode in UTF-8, and what character is that?
The given 3-byte sequence 11100000 10000000 10100001 represents a specific code point in UTF-8. Analyzing this sequence byte by byte, the first byte 11100000 represents the start of a 3-byte UTF-8 encoding, while the next two bytes 10000000 and 10100001 represent the bits that make up the remaining code points. When decoded in UTF-8, this sequence represents the U+0021 code point which is the character ‘!’.

2. What are the three other ways to encode that character?
The character ! has a valid 1-byte encoding 001000001, but there are “overlong encodes” that also encode it. For three examples, the 2-byte format 11000000 10100001 uses two bytes to represent the character '!' as an overflow encoding, 3-byte format 11100000 10000000 10100001 analyzed above is also an overflow encoding, and lastly, 4-byte encoding 11110000 10000000 10000000 10100001 which is the longest overflow encoding for this character.

3. Give an example of a character that has exactly three encodings
A character like the dollar sign '$' (code point U+0024) would be a perfect example for the character that has exactly three encodings. The valid 1-byte encoding for $ is 00100100, which is the shortest representation and conforms to the UTF-8 standard for single-byte ASCII characters. $ can also be represented as the 2-byte sequence 11000000 10100100, which is an overflow encoding. The third encoding is 3 bytes, 11100000 10000000 10100100, which is also over-represented. Unlike '!', '$' does not have a 4-byte over-representation, but it still does not conform to the UTF-8 standard.

4. What are some problems with having these multiple encodings, especially for ASCII characters? 
When multiple encodings exist, over-encoding can cause unnecessarily large data to be stored, which reduces storage efficiency. By the result, this can slow down transmission, increase the possibility of errors, and reduce processing consistency between systems. Because of these issues, over-encoding is not allowed in UTF-8 encoding, and it is recommended to use the optimal method (the shortest encoding). Also, using multiple encoding will make security vulnerable. For example, data with multiple encodings can increase the likelihood of bypassing security filters by not being processed in the way the system intended. In particular, if a single character can be represented in multiple ways, such as excessive UTF-8 encoding, there is a risk that filters may not work properly and undesired data or commands may be passed to the system.
